Translate English to French: Thank you so much, Chris. And it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this stage twice; I'm extremely grateful.
Translate English to French: I have been blown away by this conference, and I want to thank all of you for the many nice comments about what I had to say the other night.
Translate English to French: And I say that sincerely, partly because  Put yourselves in my position.
Translate English to French: I flew on Air Force Two for eight years.
Translate English to French: Now I have to take off my shoes or boots to get on an airplane!
Translate English to French: I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me.
Translate English to French: It's a true story -- every bit of this is true.
Translate English to French: Soon after Tipper and I left the --  White House --  we were driving from our home in Nashville to a little farm we have 50 miles east of Nashville.
Translate English to French: Driving ourselves.
Translate English to French: I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me.
Translate English to French: There was no motorcade back there.
Translate English to French: You've heard of phantom limb pain?  This was a rented Ford Taurus.  It was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat.
Translate English to French: We were on I-40. We got to Exit 238, Lebanon, Tennessee.
Translate English to French: We got off the exit, we found a Shoney's restaurant.
Translate English to French: Low-cost family restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it.
Translate English to French: We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over Tipper.  She took our order, and then went to the couple in the booth next to us, and she lowered her voice so much, I had to really strain to hear what she was saying.
Translate English to French: And she said "Yes, that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife, Tipper."
Translate English to French: And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?"   There's been kind of a series of epiphanies.
Translate English to French: The very next day, continuing the totally true story, I got on a G-V to fly to Africa to make a speech in Nigeria, in the city of Lagos, on the topic of energy.
Translate English to French: And I began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in Nashville.
Translate English to French: And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you: Tipper and I were driving ourselves, Shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed.
Translate English to French: I gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home.
Translate English to French: I fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling.
Translate English to French: I woke up, they opened the door, I went out to get some fresh air, and I looked, and there was a man running across the runway.
Translate English to French: And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!"
Translate English to French: And I thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the Atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in Washington?
Translate English to French: Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things.
Translate English to French: But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America.
Translate English to French: It was printed in Monterey, I checked.  And the story began, "Former Vice President Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday," quote: 'My wife Tipper and I have opened a low-cost family restaurant'" --  "'named Shoney's, and we are running it ourselves.'"  Before I could get back to U.S. soil, David Letterman and Jay Leno had already started in on -- one of them had me in a big white chef's hat,
Translate English to French: Tipper was saying, "One more burger with fries!"  Three days later, I got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague Bill Clinton, saying, "Congratulations on the new restaurant, Al!"
Translate English to French: We like to celebrate each other's successes in life.  I was going to talk about information ecology.
Translate English to French: But I was thinking that, since I plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to TED, that maybe I could talk about that another time.  Chris Anderson: It's a deal!
Translate English to French: Al Gore: I want to focus on what many of you have said you would like me to elaborate on: What can you do about the climate crisis? I want to start with a couple of -- I'm going to show some new images, and I'm going to recapitulate just four or five.
Translate English to French: I update the slide show every time I give it.
Translate English to French: I add new images, because I learn more about it every time I give it.
Translate English to French: Every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells.
Translate English to French: Just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in January.
Translate English to French: This is just for the United States of America. Historical average for Januarys is 31 degrees; last month was 39.5 degrees.
Translate English to French: Now, I know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment -- I'm kidding. But these are the recapitulation slides, and then I'm going to go into new material about what you can do.
Translate English to French: But I wanted to elaborate on a couple of these.
Translate English to French: First of all, this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit.
Translate English to French: Efficiency and conservation -- it's not a cost; it's a profit.
Translate English to French: The sign is wrong.
Translate English to French: It's not negative; it's positive. These are investments that pay for themselves.
Translate English to French: But they are also very effective in deflecting our path.
Translate English to French: Cars and trucks -- I talked about that in the slideshow, but I want you to put it in perspective.
Translate English to French: It's an easy, visible target of concern -- and it should be -- but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks.
Translate English to French: Cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world.
Translate English to French: And so we should address that. But it's part of the puzzle.
Translate English to French: Other transportation efficiency is as important as cars and trucks.
Translate English to French: Renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this much difference. And with what Vinod, and John Doerr and others, many of you here -- there are a lot of people directly involved in this -- this wedge is going to grow much more rapidly than the current projection shows it.
Translate English to French: Carbon Capture and Sequestration -- that's what CCS stands for -- is likely to become the killer app that will enable us to continue to use fossil fuels in a way that is safe.
Translate English to French: Not quite there yet.
Translate English to French: OK. Now, what can you do? Reduce emissions in your home.
Translate English to French: Most of these expenditures are also profitable.
Translate English to French: Insulation, better design. Buy green electricity where you can.
Translate English to French: I mentioned automobiles -- buy a hybrid.
Translate English to French: Use light rail. Figure out some of the other options that are much better. It's important.
Translate English to French: Be a green consumer. You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis.
Translate English to French: Consider this: Make a decision to live a carbon-neutral life.
Translate English to French: Those of you who are good at branding, I'd love to get your advice and help on how to say this in a way that connects with the most people.
Translate English to French: It is easier than you think. It really is.
Translate English to French: A lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy.
Translate English to French: It means reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced.
Translate English to French: And what it means is elaborated at climatecrisis.net.
Translate English to French: There is a carbon calculator. Participant Productions convened -- with my active involvement -- the leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to construct a consumer-friendly carbon calculator.
Translate English to French: You can very precisely calculate what your CO2 emissions are, and then you will be given options to reduce.
Translate English to French: And by the time the movie comes out in May, this will be updated to 2.0, and we will have click-through purchases of offsets. Next, consider making your business carbon-neutral.
Translate English to French: Again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think. Integrate climate solutions into all of your innovations, whether you are from the technology, or entertainment, or design and architecture community.
Translate English to French: Invest sustainably. Majora mentioned this. Listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management.
Translate English to French: Over time, people do what you pay them to do.
Translate English to French: And if they judge how much they're going to get paid on your capital that they've invested, based on the short-term returns, you're going to get short-term decisions.
Translate English to French: A lot more to be said about that.
Translate English to French: Become a catalyst of change. Teach others, learn about it, talk about it.
Translate English to French: The movie is a movie version of the slideshow I gave two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining. And it comes out in May.
Translate English to French: Many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it.
Translate English to French: Consider sending somebody to Nashville. Pick well.
Translate English to French: And I am personally going to train people to give this slideshow -- re-purposed, with some of the personal stories obviously replaced with a generic approach, and it's not just the slides, it's what they mean.
Translate English to French: And it's how they link together.
Translate English to French: And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, to keep it right on the cutting edge.
Translate English to French: Working with Larry Lessig, it will be, somewhere in that process, posted with tools and limited-use copyrights, so that young people can remix it and do it in their own way.
Translate English to French: Where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics?
Translate English to French: It doesn't mean that if you're a Republican, that I'm trying to convince you to be a Democrat.
Translate English to French: We need Republicans as well. This used to be a bipartisan issue, and I know that in this group it really is. Become politically active.
Translate English to French: Make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work.
Translate English to French: Support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions -- global warming pollution -- and trading it.
Translate English to French: Here's why: as long as the United States is out of the world system, it's not a closed system.
Translate English to French: Once it becomes a closed system, with U.S. participation, then everybody who's on a board of directors -- how many people here serve on the board of directors of a corporation?
Translate English to French: Once it's a closed system, you will have legal liability if you do not urge your CEO to get the maximum income from reducing and trading the carbon emissions that can be avoided. The market will work to solve this problem -- Help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring.
Translate English to French: We have to change the minds of the American people.
Translate English to French: Because presently, the politicians do not have permission to do what needs to be done.
Translate English to French: And in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did.
Translate English to French: It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads.
Translate English to French: We have to buy a lot of those ads.
Translate English to French: Let's re-brand global warming, as many of you have suggested.
Translate English to French: I like "climate crisis" instead of "climate collapse," but again, those of you who are good at branding, I need your help on this.
Translate English to French: Somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me, is whether the combination of an opposable thumb and a neocortex is a viable combination.
Translate English to French: That's really true. I said the other night, and I'll repeat now: this is not a political issue.
Translate English to French: Again, the Republicans here -- this shouldn't be partisan.
Translate English to French: You have more influence than some of us who are Democrats do.
Translate English to French: This is an opportunity. Not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them.
Translate English to French: We are one.
Translate English to French: Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Translate English to French: In terms of invention, I'd like to tell you the tale of one of my favorite projects.
Translate English to French: I think it's one of the most exciting that I'm working on, but I think it's also the simplest.
Translate English to French: It's a project that has the potential to make a huge impact around the world.
Translate English to French: It addresses one of the biggest health issues on the planet, the number one cause of death in children under five.
Translate English to French: Which is ...? Water-borne diseases? Diarrhea? Malnutrition?
Translate English to French: No. It's breathing the smoke from indoor cooking fires -- acute respiratory infections caused by this. Can you believe that?
Translate English to French: I find this shocking and somewhat appalling.
Translate English to French: Can't we make cleaner burning cooking fuels?
Translate English to French: Can't we make better stoves?
Translate English to French: How is it that this can lead to over two million deaths every year?
Translate English to French: I know Bill Joy was talking to you about the wonders of carbon nanotubes, so I'm going to talk to you about the wonders of carbon macro-tubes, which is charcoal.
Translate English to French: So this is a picture of rural Haiti.
Translate English to French: Haiti is now 98 percent deforested.
Translate English to French: You'll see scenes like this all over the island.
Translate English to French: It leads to all sorts of environmental problems and problems that affect people throughout the nation.
Translate English to French: A couple years ago there was severe flooding that led to thousands of deaths -- that's directly attributable to the fact that there are no trees on the hills to stabilize the soil.
Translate English to French: So the rains come -- they go down the rivers and the flooding happens.
Translate English to French: Now one of the reasons why there are so few trees is this: people need to cook, and they harvest wood and they make charcoal in order to do it.
Translate English to French: It's not that people are ignorant to the environmental damage.
Translate English to French: They know perfectly well, but they have no other choice.
Translate English to French: Fossil fuels are not available, and solar energy doesn't cook the way that they like their food prepared.
Translate English to French: And so this is what they do.
Translate English to French: You'll find families like this who go out into the forest to find a tree, cut it down and make charcoal out of it.
Translate English to French: So not surprisingly, there's a lot of effort that's been done to look at alternative cooking fuels.
Translate English to French: About four years ago, I took a team of students down to Haiti and we worked with Peace Corps volunteers there.
Translate English to French: This is one such volunteer and this is a device that he had built in the village where he worked.
Translate English to French: And the idea was that you could take waste paper; and make briquettes that could be used for fuel.
Translate English to French: But this device was very slow.
Translate English to French: So our engineering students went to work on it and with some very simple changes, they were able to triple the throughput of this device.
Translate English to French: So you could imagine they were very excited about it.
Translate English to French: And they took the briquettes back to MIT so that they could test them.
Translate English to French: And one of the things that they found was they didn't burn.
Translate English to French: So it was a little discouraging to the students.
Translate English to French: And in fact, if you look closely, right here you can see it says, "US Peace Corps."
Translate English to French: As it turns out, there actually wasn't any waste paper in this village.
Translate English to French: And while it was a good use of government paperwork for this volunteer to bring it back with him to his village, it was 800 kilometers away.
Translate English to French: And so we thought perhaps there might be a better way to come up with an alternative cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: What we wanted to do is we wanted to make a fuel that used something that was readily available on the local level.
Translate English to French: You see these all over Haiti as well. They're small-scale sugar mills.
Translate English to French: And the waste product from them after you extract the juice from the sugarcane is called "bagasse."
Translate English to French: It has no other use.
Translate English to French: It has no nutritional value, so they don't feed it to the animals.
Translate English to French: It just sits in a pile near the sugar mill until eventually they burn it.
Translate English to French: What we wanted to do was we wanted to find a way to harness this waste resource and turn it into a fuel that would be something that people could easily cook with, something like charcoal.
Translate English to French: So over the next couple of years, students and I worked to develop a process.
Translate English to French: So you start with the bagasse, and then you take a very simple kiln that you can make out of a waste fifty five-gallon oil drum.
Translate English to French: After some time, after setting it on fire, you seal it to restrict the oxygen that goes into the kiln, and then you end up with this carbonized material here.
Translate English to French: However, you can't burn this.
Translate English to French: It's too fine and it burns too quickly to be useful for cooking.
Translate English to French: So we had to try to find a way to form it into useful briquettes.
Translate English to French: And conveniently, one of my students was from Ghana, and he remembered a dish his mom used to make for him called "kokonte," which is a very sticky porridge made out of the cassava root. And so what we did was we looked, and we found that cassava is indeed grown in Haiti, under the name of "manioc."
Translate English to French: In fact, it's grown all over the world -- yucca, tapioca, manioc, cassava, it's all the same thing -- a very starchy root vegetable.
Translate English to French: And you can make a very thick, sticky porridge out of it, which you can use to bind together the charcoal briquettes.
Translate English to French: So we did this. We went down to Haiti.
Translate English to French: These are the graduates of the first Ecole de Charbon, or Charcoal Institute. And these --  That's right. So I'm actually an instructor at MIT as well as CIT.
Translate English to French: And these are the briquettes that we made.
Translate English to French: Now I'm going to take you to a different continent. This is India and this is the most commonly used cooking fuel in India. It's cow dung.
Translate English to French: And more than in Haiti, this produces really smoky fires, and this is where you see the health impacts of cooking with cow dung and biomass as a fuel.
Translate English to French: Kids and women are especially affected by it, because they're the ones who are around the cooking fires.
Translate English to French: if we could introduce this charcoal-making technology there. Well, unfortunately, they didn't have sugarcane and they didn't have cassava, but that didn't stop us.
Translate English to French: What we did was we found what were the locally available sources of biomass.
Translate English to French: And there was wheat straw and there was rice straw in this area.
Translate English to French: And what we could use as a binder was actually small amounts of cow manure, which they used ordinarily for their fuel.
Translate English to French: And we did side-by-side tests, and here you can see the charcoal briquettes and here the cow dung.
Translate English to French: And you can see that it's a lot cleaner burning of a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: And in fact, it heats the water a lot more quickly.
Translate English to French: And so we were very happy, thus far.
Translate English to French: But one of the things that we found was when we did side-by-side comparisons with wood charcoal, it didn't burn as long. And the briquettes crumbled a little bit and we lost energy as they fell apart as they were cooking.
Translate English to French: So we wanted to try to find a way to make a stronger briquette so that we could compete with wood charcoal in the markets in Haiti.
Translate English to French: So we went back to MIT, we took out the Instron machine and we figured out what sort of forces you needed in order to compress a briquette to the level that you actually are getting improved performance out of it?
Translate English to French: And at the same time that we had students in the lab looking at this, we also had community partners in Haiti working to develop the process, to improve it and make it more accessible to people in the villages there.
Translate English to French: And after some time, we developed a low-cost press that allows you to produce charcoal, which actually now burns not only -- actually, it burns longer, cleaner than wood charcoal.
Translate English to French: So now we're in a situation where we have a product, which is actually better than what you can buy in Haiti in the marketplace, which is a very wonderful place to be.
Translate English to French: In Haiti alone, about 30 million trees are cut down every year.
Translate English to French: There's a possibility of this being implemented and saving a good portion of those.
Translate English to French: In addition, the revenue generated from that charcoal is 260 million dollars.
Translate English to French: That's an awful lot for a country like Haiti -- with a population of eight million and an average income of less than 400 dollars.
Translate English to French: So this is where we're also moving ahead with our charcoal project.
Translate English to French: And one of the things that I think is also interesting, is I have a friend up at UC Berkeley who's been doing risk analysis.
Translate English to French: And he's looked at the problem of the health impacts of burning wood versus charcoal.
Translate English to French: And he's found that worldwide, you could prevent a million deaths switching from wood to charcoal as a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: That's remarkable, but up until now, there weren't ways to do it without cutting down trees.
Translate English to French: But now we have a way that's using an agricultural waste material to create a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: One of the really exciting things, though, is something that came out of the trip that I took to Ghana just last month.
Translate English to French: And I think it's the coolest thing, and it's even lower tech than what you just saw, if you can imagine such a thing. Here it is.
Translate English to French: So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
Translate English to French: And the beauty of this is that you don't need to form briquettes -- it comes ready made. This is my $100 laptop, right here.
Translate English to French: And actually, like Nick, I brought samples.
Translate English to French: So we can pass these around.
Translate English to French: They're fully functional, field-tested, ready to roll out.
Translate English to French: And I think one of the things which is also remarkable about this technology, is that the technology transfer is so easy.
Translate English to French: Compared to the sugarcane charcoal, where we have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, this comes pre-briquetted.
Translate English to French: And this is about the most exciting thing in my life right now, which is perhaps a sad commentary on my life.
Translate English to French: But once you see it, like you guys in the front row -- All right, yeah, OK. So anyway --  Here it is. And this is, I think, a perfect example of what Robert Wright was talking about in those non-zero-sum things.
Translate English to French: So not only do you have health benefits, you have environmental benefits.
Translate English to French: But this is one of the incredibly rare situations where you also have economic benefits.
Translate English to French: People can make their own cooking fuel from waste products.
