a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
cool ?
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
a sometimes tedious film .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
holden caulfield did it better .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
not exactly the bees knees
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
bad .
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .Question: Who was Margaret's husband? Context: One of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror, Edgar Atheling, eventually fled to Scotland. King Malcolm III of Scotland married Edgar's sister Margaret, and came into opposition to William who had already disputed Scotland's southern borders. William invaded Scotland in 1072, riding as far as Abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships. Malcolm submitted, paid homage to William and surrendered his son Duncan as a hostage, beginning a series of arguments as to whether the Scottish Crown owed allegiance to the King of England.
Question: How many men were in Robert's army? Context: Robert Guiscard, an other Norman adventurer previously elevated to the dignity of count of Apulia as the result of his military successes, ultimately drove the Byzantines out of southern Italy. Having obtained the consent of pope Gregory VII and acting as his vassal, Robert continued his campaign conquering the Balkan peninsula as a foothold for western feudal lords and the Catholic Church. After allying himself with Croatia and the Catholic cities of Dalmatia, in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of Albania, capturing Valona, Kanina, Jericho (Orikumi), and reaching Butrint after numerous pillages. They joined the fleet that had previously conquered Corfu and attacked Dyrrachium from land and sea, devastating everything along the way. Under these harsh circumstances, the locals accepted the call of emperor Alexius I Comnenus to join forces with the Byzantines against the Normans. The Albanian forces could not take part in the ensuing battle because it had started before their arrival. Immediately before the battle, the Venetian fleet had secured a victory in the coast surrounding the city. Forced to retreat, Alexius ceded the command to a high Albanian official named Comiscortes in the service of Byzantium. The city's garrison resisted until February 1082, when Dyrrachium was betrayed to the Normans by the Venetian and Amalfitan merchants who had settled there. The Normans were now free to penetrate into the hinterland; they took Ioannina and some minor cities in southwestern Macedonia and Thessaly before appearing at the gates of Thessalonica. Dissension among the high ranks coerced the Normans to retreat to Italy. They lost Dyrrachium, Valona, and Butrint in 1085, after the death of Robert.
Question: Who ruled the country of Normandy? Context: The Norman dynasty had a major political, cultural and military impact on medieval Europe and even the Near East. The Normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their Christian piety, becoming exponents of the Catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated. They adopted the Gallo-Romance language of the Frankish land they settled, their dialect becoming known as Norman, Normaund or Norman French, an important literary language. The Duchy of Normandy, which they formed by treaty with the French crown, was a great fief of medieval France, and under Richard I of Normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure. The Normans are noted both for their culture, such as their unique Romanesque architecture and musical traditions, and for their significant military accomplishments and innovations. Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily under Roger II after conquering southern Italy on the Saracens and Byzantines, and an expedition on behalf of their duke, William the Conqueror, led to the Norman conquest of England at the Battle of Hastings in 1066. Norman cultural and military influence spread from these new European centres to the Crusader states of the Near East, where their prince Bohemond I founded the Principality of Antioch in the Levant, to Scotland and Wales in Great Britain, to Ireland, and to the coasts of north Africa and the Canary Islands.
Question: Who did the Normans team up with in Anatolia? Context: Some Normans joined Turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the Armenians vassal-states of Sassoun and Taron in far eastern Anatolia. Later, many took up service with the Armenian state further south in Cilicia and the Taurus Mountains. A Norman named Oursel led a force of "Franks" into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria. From 1073 to 1074, 8,000 of the 20,000 troops of the Armenian general Philaretus Brachamius were Normans—formerly of Oursel—led by Raimbaud. They even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle: Afranji, meaning "Franks." The known trade between Amalfi and Antioch and between Bari and Tarsus may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans in those cities while Amalfi and Bari were under Norman rule in Italy.
Question: When were the Normans in Normandy? Context: The Normans (Norman: Nourmands; French: Normands; Latin: Normanni) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to Normandy, a region in France. They were descended from Norse ("Norman" comes from "Norseman") raiders and pirates from Denmark, Iceland and Norway who, under their leader Rollo, agreed to swear fealty to King Charles III of West Francia. Through generations of assimilation and mixing with the native Frankish and Roman-Gaulish populations, their descendants would gradually merge with the Carolingian-based cultures of West Francia. The distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the Normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century, and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries.
Question: Who was Guy's Rival? Context: Various princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time, in particular Guy de Lusignan. All declared their support for Richard provided that he support Guy against his rival Conrad of Montferrat. The local barons abandoned Isaac, who considered making peace with Richard, joining him on the crusade, and offering his daughter in marriage to the person named by Richard. But Isaac changed his mind and tried to escape. Richard then proceeded to conquer the whole island, his troops being led by Guy de Lusignan. Isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains, because Richard had promised that he would not place him in irons. By 1 June, Richard had conquered the whole island. His exploit was well publicized and contributed to his reputation; he also derived significant financial gains from the conquest of the island. Richard left for Acre on 5 June, with his allies. Before his departure, he named two of his Norman generals, Richard de Camville and Robert de Thornham, as governors of Cyprus.
Question: Who commissioned Danish vikings to create the Bayeux Tapestry? Context: By far the most famous work of Norman art is the Bayeux Tapestry, which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery. It was commissioned by Odo, the Bishop of Bayeux and first Earl of Kent, employing natives from Kent who were learned in the Nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the Danish Vikings.
Question: Who incorperated Islamic, LOmbard, and Byzantine building techniques in England? Context: In England, the period of Norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the Anglo-Saxon and precedes the Early Gothic. In southern Italy, the Normans incorporated elements of Islamic, Lombard, and Byzantine building techniques into their own, initiating a unique style known as Norman-Arab architecture within the Kingdom of Sicily.
Question: When was the Battle of Hastings? Context: In 1066, Duke William II of Normandy conquered England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings. The invading Normans and their descendants replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class of England. The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture and many had lands on both sides of the channel. Early Norman kings of England, as Dukes of Normandy, owed homage to the King of France for their land on the continent. They considered England to be their most important holding (it brought with it the title of King—an important status symbol).
Question: What language replaced the Gallo-Romance language? Context: The descendants of Rollo's Vikings and their Frankish wives would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism (Christianity) and the Gallo-Romance language of the local people, blending their maternal Frankish heritage with Old Norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique "Norman" culture in the north of France. The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the indigenous langue d'oïl branch of Romance by a Norse-speaking ruling class, and it developed into the regional language that survives today.
Question: What law has 3 customeries? Context: The customary law of Normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries and survives today through the legal systems of Jersey and Guernsey in the Channel Islands. Norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in Latin by two judges for use by them and their colleagues: These are the Très ancien coutumier (Very ancient customary), authored between 1200 and 1245; and the Grand coutumier de Normandie (Great customary of Normandy, originally Summa de legibus Normanniae in curia laïcali), authored between 1235 and 1245.
Question: Who bought the rights? Context: Bethencourt took the title of King of the Canary Islands, as vassal to Henry III of Castile. In 1418, Jean's nephew Maciot de Bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to Enrique Pérez de Guzmán, 2nd Count de Niebla.
Question: Who did Emma Marry? Context: The Normans were in contact with England from an early date. Not only were their original Viking brethren still ravaging the English coasts, they occupied most of the important ports opposite England across the English Channel. This relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of Emma, sister of Duke Richard II of Normandy, and King Ethelred II of England. Because of this, Ethelred fled to Normandy in 1013, when he was forced from his kingdom by Sweyn Forkbeard. His stay in Normandy (until 1016) influenced him and his sons by Emma, who stayed in Normandy after Cnut the Great's conquest of the isle.
Question: What is the original meaning of the word Norman? Context: The English name "Normans" comes from the French words Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant, modern French normand, which is itself borrowed from Old Low Franconian Nortmann "Northman" or directly from Old Norse Norðmaðr, Latinized variously as Nortmannus, Normannus, or Nordmannus (recorded in Medieval Latin, 9th century) to mean "Norseman, Viking".
Question: Where did the Normans invade in the 11th century? Context: The Normans had a profound effect on Irish culture and history after their invasion at Bannow Bay in 1169. Initially the Normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity. Yet, with time, they came to be subsumed into Irish culture to the point that it has been said that they became "more Irish than the Irish themselves." The Normans settled mostly in an area in the east of Ireland, later known as the Pale, and also built many fine castles and settlements, including Trim Castle and Dublin Castle. Both cultures intermixed, borrowing from each other's language, culture and outlook. Norman descendants today can be recognised by their surnames. Names such as French, (De) Roche, Devereux, D'Arcy, Treacy and Lacy are particularly common in the southeast of Ireland, especially in the southern part of County Wexford where the first Norman settlements were established. Other Norman names such as Furlong predominate there. Another common Norman-Irish name was Morell (Murrell) derived from the French Norman name Morel. Other names beginning with Fitz (from the Norman for son) indicate Norman ancestry. These included Fitzgerald, FitzGibbons (Gibbons) dynasty, Fitzmaurice. Other families bearing such surnames as Barry (de Barra) and De Búrca (Burke) are also of Norman extraction.
Question: Who was divided by the church? Context: In the visual arts, the Normans did not have the rich and distinctive traditions of the cultures they conquered. However, in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform, encouraging the Cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits, especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts. The church was utilised by the dukes as a unifying force for their disparate duchy. The chief monasteries taking part in this "renaissance" of Norman art and scholarship were Mont-Saint-Michel, Fécamp, Jumièges, Bec, Saint-Ouen, Saint-Evroul, and Saint-Wandrille. These centres were in contact with the so-called "Winchester school", which channeled a pure Carolingian artistic tradition to Normandy. In the final decade of the 11th and first of the 12th century, Normandy experienced a golden age of illustrated manuscripts, but it was brief and the major scriptoria of Normandy ceased to function after the midpoint of the century.
Question: What treaty was established in the 9th century? Context: In the course of the 10th century, the initially destructive incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France evolved into more permanent encampments that included local women and personal property. The Duchy of Normandy, which began in 911 as a fiefdom, was established by the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and the famed Viking ruler Rollo, and was situated in the former Frankish kingdom of Neustria. The treaty offered Rollo and his men the French lands between the river Epte and the Atlantic coast in exchange for their protection against further Viking incursions. The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy down to the river Seine, but the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine. The territory was roughly equivalent to the old province of Rouen, and reproduced the Roman administrative structure of Gallia Lugdunensis II (part of the former Gallia Lugdunensis).
Question: What naval base fell to the Normans? Context: The further decline of Byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185, when a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium, owing to the betrayal of high Byzantine officials. Some time later, Dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the Adriatic—fell again to Byzantine hands.
Question: What year did the storm hit Richard's fleet? Context: In April 1191 Richard the Lion-hearted left Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre. But a storm dispersed the fleet. After some searching, it was discovered that the boat carrying his sister and his fiancée Berengaria was anchored on the south coast of Cyprus, together with the wrecks of several other ships, including the treasure ship. Survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner by the island's despot Isaac Komnenos. On 1 May 1191, Richard's fleet arrived in the port of Limassol on Cyprus. He ordered Isaac to release the prisoners and the treasure. Isaac refused, so Richard landed his troops and took Limassol.
Question: What war occured in the 1oth century? Context: The legendary religious zeal of the Normans was exercised in religious wars long before the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality in Antioch. They were major foreign participants in the Reconquista in Iberia. In 1018, Roger de Tosny travelled to the Iberian Peninsula to carve out a state for himself from Moorish lands, but failed. In 1064, during the War of Barbastro, William of Montreuil led the papal army and took a huge booty.
Question: Who made Ralph earl? Context: Even before the Norman Conquest of England, the Normans had come into contact with Wales. Edward the Confessor had set up the aforementioned Ralph as earl of Hereford and charged him with defending the Marches and warring with the Welsh. In these original ventures, the Normans failed to make any headway into Wales.
Question: What is the most important type of Norman art preserved in churches? Context: In Britain, Norman art primarily survives as stonework or metalwork, such as capitals and baptismal fonts. In southern Italy, however, Norman artwork survives plentifully in forms strongly influenced by its Greek, Lombard, and Arab forebears. Of the royal regalia preserved in Palermo, the crown is Byzantine in style and the coronation cloak is of Arab craftsmanship with Arabic inscriptions. Many churches preserve sculptured fonts, capitals, and more importantly mosaics, which were common in Norman Italy and drew heavily on the Greek heritage. Lombard Salerno was a centre of ivorywork in the 11th century and this continued under Norman domination. Finally should be noted the intercourse between French Crusaders traveling to the Holy Land who brought with them French artefacts with which to gift the churches at which they stopped in southern Italy amongst their Norman cousins. For this reason many south Italian churches preserve works from France alongside their native pieces.
Question: Who did Alexander I marry? Context: Normans came into Scotland, building castles and founding noble families who would provide some future kings, such as Robert the Bruce, as well as founding a considerable number of the Scottish clans. King David I of Scotland, whose elder brother Alexander I had married Sybilla of Normandy, was instrumental in introducing Normans and Norman culture to Scotland, part of the process some scholars call the "Davidian Revolution". Having spent time at the court of Henry I of England (married to David's sister Maud of Scotland), and needing them to wrestle the kingdom from his half-brother Máel Coluim mac Alaxandair, David had to reward many with lands. The process was continued under David's successors, most intensely of all under William the Lion. The Norman-derived feudal system was applied in varying degrees to most of Scotland. Scottish families of the names Bruce, Gray, Ramsay, Fraser, Ogilvie, Montgomery, Sinclair, Pollock, Burnard, Douglas and Gordon to name but a few, and including the later royal House of Stewart, can all be traced back to Norman ancestry.
Question: What wars did France fight in the 1600s? Context: The French Wars of Religion in the 16th century and French Revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this Norman creativity. The former, with their violence, caused the wanton destruction of many Norman edifices; the latter, with its assault on religion, caused the purposeful destruction of religious objects of any type, and its destabilisation of society resulted in rampant pillaging.
Question: When did Edward return? Context: When finally Edward the Confessor returned from his father's refuge in 1041, at the invitation of his half-brother Harthacnut, he brought with him a Norman-educated mind. He also brought many Norman counsellors and fighters, some of whom established an English cavalry force. This concept never really took root, but it is a typical example of the attitudes of Edward. He appointed Robert of Jumièges archbishop of Canterbury and made Ralph the Timid earl of Hereford. He invited his brother-in-law Eustace II, Count of Boulogne to his court in 1051, an event which resulted in the greatest of early conflicts between Saxon and Norman and ultimately resulted in the exile of Earl Godwin of Wessex.
Question: Who did the Normans serve under in the 10th century? Context: Several families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration, when Byzantine emperors were seeking out western European warriors. The Raoulii were descended from an Italo-Norman named Raoul, the Petraliphae were descended from a Pierre d'Aulps, and that group of Albanian clans known as the Maniakates were descended from Normans who served under George Maniaces in the Sicilian expedition of 1038.
Question: When did Tancred lay siege to Antioch? Context: In 1096, Crusaders passing by the siege of Amalfi were joined by Bohemond of Taranto and his nephew Tancred with an army of Italo-Normans. Bohemond was the de facto leader of the Crusade during its passage through Asia Minor. After the successful Siege of Antioch in 1097, Bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city. Tancred was instrumental in the conquest of Jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the Crusader kingdom in Transjordan and the region of Galilee.[citation needed]
Question: What was the Anglo-Norman language's final form? Context: Eventually, the Normans merged with the natives, combining languages and traditions. In the course of the Hundred Years' War, the Norman aristocracy often identified themselves as English. The Anglo-Norman language became distinct from the Latin language, something that was the subject of some humour by Geoffrey Chaucer. The Anglo-Norman language was eventually absorbed into the Anglo-Saxon language of their subjects (see Old English) and influenced it, helping (along with the Norse language of the earlier Anglo-Norse settlers and the Latin used by the church) in the development of Middle English. It in turn evolved into Modern English.
Question: What type of arch did the Normans invent? Context: Norman architecture typically stands out as a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued. They spread a unique Romanesque idiom to England and Italy, and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north French style fundamentally altered the military landscape. Their style was characterised by rounded arches, particularly over windows and doorways, and massive proportions.
Question: When did Herve go up against the Turks? Context: One of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general was Hervé in the 1050s. By then however, there were already Norman mercenaries serving as far away as Trebizond and Georgia. They were based at Malatya and Edessa, under the Byzantine duke of Antioch, Isaac Komnenos. In the 1060s, Robert Crispin led the Normans of Edessa against the Turks. Roussel de Bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in Asia Minor with support from the local population, but he was stopped by the Byzantine general Alexius Komnenos.
Question: Who did the Normans fight in Italy? Context: Soon after the Normans began to enter Italy, they entered the Byzantine Empire and then Armenia, fighting against the Pechenegs, the Bulgars, and especially the Seljuk Turks. Norman mercenaries were first encouraged to come to the south by the Lombards to act against the Byzantines, but they soon fought in Byzantine service in Sicily. They were prominent alongside Varangian and Lombard contingents in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces in 1038–40. There is debate whether the Normans in Greek service actually were from Norman Italy, and it now seems likely only a few came from there. It is also unknown how many of the "Franks", as the Byzantines called them, were Normans and not other Frenchmen.
Question: What was one of the Norman's major exports? Context: The Normans thereafter adopted the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France, and worked them into a functional hierarchical system in both Normandy and in England. The new Norman rulers were culturally and ethnically distinct from the old French aristocracy, most of whom traced their lineage to Franks of the Carolingian dynasty. Most Norman knights remained poor and land-hungry, and by 1066 Normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation. Many Normans of Italy, France and England eventually served as avid Crusaders under the Italo-Norman prince Bohemund I and the Anglo-Norman king Richard the Lion-Heart.
Question: What came under Williams dominace before the conquest? Context: Subsequent to the Conquest, however, the Marches came completely under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons, including Bernard de Neufmarché, Roger of Montgomery in Shropshire and Hugh Lupus in Cheshire. These Normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of Wales was at some point subject to Norman interference. Norman words, such as baron (barwn), first entered Welsh at that time.
Question: How long did Western Europe control Cyprus? Context: The conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island, which would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years. Although not part of a planned operation, the conquest had much more permanent results than initially expected.
Question: Where did the Normans and Byzantines sign the peace treaty? Context: A few years after the First Crusade, in 1107, the Normans under the command of Bohemond, Robert's son, landed in Valona and besieged Dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time, but to no avail. Meanwhile, they occupied Petrela, the citadel of Mili at the banks of the river Deabolis, Gllavenica (Ballsh), Kanina and Jericho. This time, the Albanians sided with the Normans, dissatisfied by the heavy taxes the Byzantines had imposed upon them. With their help, the Normans secured the Arbanon passes and opened their way to Dibra. The lack of supplies, disease and Byzantine resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign and sign a peace treaty with the Byzantines in the city of Deabolis.
Question: What continent are the Canarian Islands off the coast of? Context: Between 1402 and 1405, the expedition led by the Norman noble Jean de Bethencourt and the Poitevine Gadifer de la Salle conquered the Canarian islands of Lanzarote, Fuerteventura and El Hierro off the Atlantic coast of Africa. Their troops were gathered in Normandy, Gascony and were later reinforced by Castilian colonists.
Question: When did Rollo begin to arrive in Normandy? Context: Before Rollo's arrival, its populations did not differ from Picardy or the Île-de-France, which were considered "Frankish". Earlier Viking settlers had begun arriving in the 880s, but were divided between colonies in the east (Roumois and Pays de Caux) around the low Seine valley and in the west in the Cotentin Peninsula, and were separated by traditional pagii, where the population remained about the same with almost no foreign settlers. Rollo's contingents who raided and ultimately settled Normandy and parts of the Atlantic coast included Danes, Norwegians, Norse–Gaels, Orkney Vikings, possibly Swedes, and Anglo-Danes from the English Danelaw under Norse control.
Question: Where was Dyrrachium located? Context: The further decline of Byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185, when a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium, owing to the betrayal of high Byzantine officials. Some time later, Dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the Adriatic—fell again to Byzantine hands.
Question: Who defeated Anglo-Norman forces during the third Crusade? Context: The conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island, which would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years. Although not part of a planned operation, the conquest had much more permanent results than initially expected.
Question: What architecture type came before Norman in England? Context: In England, the period of Norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the Anglo-Saxon and precedes the Early Gothic. In southern Italy, the Normans incorporated elements of Islamic, Lombard, and Byzantine building techniques into their own, initiating a unique style known as Norman-Arab architecture within the Kingdom of Sicily.
Question: In what century did important classical music developments occur in Normandy? Context: Normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century. Fécamp Abbey and Saint-Evroul Abbey were centres of musical production and education. At Fécamp, under two Italian abbots, William of Volpiano and John of Ravenna, the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught. It is still the most common form of pitch representation in English- and German-speaking countries today. Also at Fécamp, the staff, around which neumes were oriented, was first developed and taught in the 11th century. Under the German abbot Isembard, La Trinité-du-Mont became a centre of musical composition.
Question: What is Norman art's most well known piece? Context: By far the most famous work of Norman art is the Bayeux Tapestry, which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery. It was commissioned by Odo, the Bishop of Bayeux and first Earl of Kent, employing natives from Kent who were learned in the Nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the Danish Vikings.
Question: What was the Norman religion? Context: The descendants of Rollo's Vikings and their Frankish wives would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism (Christianity) and the Gallo-Romance language of the local people, blending their maternal Frankish heritage with Old Norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique "Norman" culture in the north of France. The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the indigenous langue d'oïl branch of Romance by a Norse-speaking ruling class, and it developed into the regional language that survives today.
Question: Who ruled Cyprus in the 11th century? Context: In April 1191 Richard the Lion-hearted left Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre. But a storm dispersed the fleet. After some searching, it was discovered that the boat carrying his sister and his fiancée Berengaria was anchored on the south coast of Cyprus, together with the wrecks of several other ships, including the treasure ship. Survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner by the island's despot Isaac Komnenos. On 1 May 1191, Richard's fleet arrived in the port of Limassol on Cyprus. He ordered Isaac to release the prisoners and the treasure. Isaac refused, so Richard landed his troops and took Limassol.
Question: Who considered their land on the continent their most important holding? Context: In 1066, Duke William II of Normandy conquered England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings. The invading Normans and their descendants replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class of England. The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture and many had lands on both sides of the channel. Early Norman kings of England, as Dukes of Normandy, owed homage to the King of France for their land on the continent. They considered England to be their most important holding (it brought with it the title of King—an important status symbol).
Question: Who was Robert's son? Context: A few years after the First Crusade, in 1107, the Normans under the command of Bohemond, Robert's son, landed in Valona and besieged Dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time, but to no avail. Meanwhile, they occupied Petrela, the citadel of Mili at the banks of the river Deabolis, Gllavenica (Ballsh), Kanina and Jericho. This time, the Albanians sided with the Normans, dissatisfied by the heavy taxes the Byzantines had imposed upon them. With their help, the Normans secured the Arbanon passes and opened their way to Dibra. The lack of supplies, disease and Byzantine resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign and sign a peace treaty with the Byzantines in the city of Deabolis.
Question: What place had the Norman Arab architectural style? Context: In England, the period of Norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the Anglo-Saxon and precedes the Early Gothic. In southern Italy, the Normans incorporated elements of Islamic, Lombard, and Byzantine building techniques into their own, initiating a unique style known as Norman-Arab architecture within the Kingdom of Sicily.
Question: What kind of needlework was used in the creation of the Bayeux Tapestry? Context: By far the most famous work of Norman art is the Bayeux Tapestry, which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery. It was commissioned by Odo, the Bishop of Bayeux and first Earl of Kent, employing natives from Kent who were learned in the Nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the Danish Vikings.
Question: What Welsh lords did William conquer? Context: Subsequent to the Conquest, however, the Marches came completely under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons, including Bernard de Neufmarché, Roger of Montgomery in Shropshire and Hugh Lupus in Cheshire. These Normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of Wales was at some point subject to Norman interference. Norman words, such as baron (barwn), first entered Welsh at that time.
Question: Who made Edward the Confessor Earl? Context: Even before the Norman Conquest of England, the Normans had come into contact with Wales. Edward the Confessor had set up the aforementioned Ralph as earl of Hereford and charged him with defending the Marches and warring with the Welsh. In these original ventures, the Normans failed to make any headway into Wales.Translate English to French: This is just for the United States of America. Historical average for Januarys is 31 degrees; last month was 39.5 degrees.
Translate English to French: Over time, people do what you pay them to do.
Translate English to French: I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me.
Translate English to French: So we can pass these around.
Translate English to French: And I think one of the things which is also remarkable about this technology, is that the technology transfer is so easy.
Translate English to French: So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
Translate English to French: And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, to keep it right on the cutting edge.
Translate English to French: Compared to the sugarcane charcoal, where we have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, this comes pre-briquetted.
Translate English to French: So we wanted to try to find a way to make a stronger briquette so that we could compete with wood charcoal in the markets in Haiti.
Translate English to French: It just sits in a pile near the sugar mill until eventually they burn it.
Translate English to French: The sign is wrong.
Translate English to French: But once you see it, like you guys in the front row -- All right, yeah, OK. So anyway --  Here it is. And this is, I think, a perfect example of what Robert Wright was talking about in those non-zero-sum things.
Translate English to French: Be a green consumer. You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis.
Translate English to French: And he's looked at the problem of the health impacts of burning wood versus charcoal.
Translate English to French: It's not that people are ignorant to the environmental damage.
Translate English to French: Carbon Capture and Sequestration -- that's what CCS stands for -- is likely to become the killer app that will enable us to continue to use fossil fuels in a way that is safe.
Translate English to French: So this is a picture of rural Haiti.
Translate English to French: But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America.
Translate English to French: But this is one of the incredibly rare situations where you also have economic benefits.
Translate English to French: And I say that sincerely, partly because  Put yourselves in my position.
Translate English to French: We were on I-40. We got to Exit 238, Lebanon, Tennessee.
Translate English to French: They're fully functional, field-tested, ready to roll out.
Translate English to French: Cars and trucks -- I talked about that in the slideshow, but I want you to put it in perspective.
Translate English to French: So you could imagine they were very excited about it.
Translate English to French: A lot more to be said about that.
Translate English to French: And conveniently, one of my students was from Ghana, and he remembered a dish his mom used to make for him called "kokonte," which is a very sticky porridge made out of the cassava root. And so what we did was we looked, and we found that cassava is indeed grown in Haiti, under the name of "manioc."
Translate English to French: Invest sustainably. Majora mentioned this. Listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management.
Translate English to French: Driving ourselves.
Translate English to French: And he's found that worldwide, you could prevent a million deaths switching from wood to charcoal as a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: That's an awful lot for a country like Haiti -- with a population of eight million and an average income of less than 400 dollars.
Translate English to French: We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over Tipper.  She took our order, and then went to the couple in the booth next to us, and she lowered her voice so much, I had to really strain to hear what she was saying.
Translate English to French: I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me.
Translate English to French: And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you: Tipper and I were driving ourselves, Shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed.
Translate English to French: It means reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced.
Translate English to French: And you can see that it's a lot cleaner burning of a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads.
Translate English to French: Now, I know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment -- I'm kidding. But these are the recapitulation slides, and then I'm going to go into new material about what you can do.
Translate English to French: Now one of the reasons why there are so few trees is this: people need to cook, and they harvest wood and they make charcoal in order to do it.
Translate English to French: First of all, this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit.
Translate English to French: And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!"
Translate English to French: In Haiti alone, about 30 million trees are cut down every year.
Translate English to French: It doesn't mean that if you're a Republican, that I'm trying to convince you to be a Democrat.
Translate English to French: And what we could use as a binder was actually small amounts of cow manure, which they used ordinarily for their fuel.
Translate English to French: I fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling.
Translate English to French: Haiti is now 98 percent deforested.
Translate English to French: We have to buy a lot of those ads.
Translate English to French: Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Translate English to French: Once it becomes a closed system, with U.S. participation, then everybody who's on a board of directors -- how many people here serve on the board of directors of a corporation?
Translate English to French: I flew on Air Force Two for eight years.
Translate English to French: And in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did.Question: If you have little money,  you can collect stamps  _  . Options: by your own letters, by the post office, by the collectors, by your friends
Question: What can we infer from the passage? Options: College students needn't worry about money., It's important to follow the advisors' advice., Students can spend more than their income., Borrowing money from others is very easy.
Question: Bell's grandfather doesn't like   _  . Options: birds or goldfish, birds or dogs, dogs or cats, goldfish or football
Question: The thief feels   _   when he hears the bird's words. Options: sad, afraid, happy, excited
Question: Grandma tells   Sally to take   _   things to Bob. Options: three, four, five, six
Question: Why couldn't the young student go to sleep? Options: She was worried about her lessons., She always couldn't finish her homework., She worked too hard and became ill., Her bed was too small.
Question: Lucy Li said she played in the US Women's Open  _  . Options: for good results, to have fun, to make friends with great players, to make money
Question: How long is the first term in Thailand schools? Options: For six months., For five months., For four months., For three moths.
Question: This passage is about  _  . Options: new words in writing, different dictionaries, the best way of reading, using an English-Chinese dictionary
Question: What did the writer first do when he saw the alien? Options: He was too scared to move., He knew it was a dream and wasn't afraid., He was so scared that he fainted., He thought against the alien.
Question: For the children like Fu Yuan, studying isn't the main thing because  _  . Options: they have to go out and make money, they like playing games better than studying, they needn't go to a good college, they have lots of things to do at home
Question: What does the writer think of shopping online? Options: It's safe, It's dangerous, It's scary, We don't know
Question: When do students usually get to school? Options: At 7:00 a.m., At 7:30 a.m., At 8:00 a.m., At 8:30 a.m.
Question: What lesson can you learn from the story? Options: There's always someone better than you in this world., You must never try to become better than your teacher., The older a man is,the better archer he usually becomes., Always use a piece of wood to protect yourself from an arrow.
Question: Which of the following is NOT TRUE? Options: Betty made the best cake., Mary Jackson sang well., Bill played the violin well., The Jacksons did hard work for the party.
Question: How many books has Dou Kou already finished writing? Options: 3., 6., 9., 12
Question: What DOESN'T the writer do in his dream school day? Options: Have lunch., Speak English., Swim., Play computer games.
Question: Which of the following is NOT true?  _ Options: Most students don't do the housework., Liu Ying is a student from Class 6, Grade 8., Liu Ying cooks three times a day sometimes., Liu Ying washes the dishes and cleans the floor every day.
Question: Mr Jones' son often stays at   _  room. Options: the smallest, a cheap, a small, the dearest
Question: What can you use to put food in your mouth? Options: Knife., Knife or fork., Knife and fork, fork
Question: The best title  for this passage is   _  . Options: Bad Seasons, Summer or Winter, The Weather in England, Strange English People
Question: The son does not know what water and grass look like   _  . Options: when they meet the water and grass for the first time, when he finds the second oasis, before he meets the first oasis, after they meet the water and grass for the second time.
Question: Studies have shown that many diseases have something to do with   _  . Options: having no oral examination, washing hands with cold water, sleeping too late sometimes, doing little physical activity
Question: How many people are there in most families in modern China ? Options: Three, Five, Six, Seven
Question: The passage is probably from   _  . Options: a newspaper, an advertisement, an instruction   book, a storybook
Question: The   _   is / are under the bed. Options: pen, notebook, keys, baseball
Question: What is the main idea of the passage? Options: People from different cultures have different ideas about numbers and math., Chinese people can count more easily on their fingers than Americans., In some aboriginal cultures,people don't even know how to count., Some languages don't have number words because people don't need numbers.
Question: How many people lost their lives in this accident? Options: Over 2,000 people., About 100 people., More than 1,500 people., We don't know.
Question: Sally is Bob's   _  . Options: sister, aunt, mom, grandma
Question: Which statement is NOT true according to the passage? Options: That e-schoolbags may be easily broken, It may not be good to student's eyes., They have been into use in school in China., The e-schoolbag will solve the problem of the heavy schoolbags.
Question: Which of the following is NT true according to the passage? Options: Hobbies and collections are a great way to have fun., Some countries print stamps mostly for collectors., You can collect stamps from your everyday mails., Most of the countries didn't want to print their names on stamps.
Question: According to the notice, you can take  _   into the theater. Options: cameras, mobile phones, bags, videos .
Question: Who put the stone in the center of the road? Options: An old man., A rich man., A young man., Another man.
Question: Which of the following is true? Options: Emperor Yang of the Sui Dynasty is considered one of the best tyrants., Emperor Yang was killed by the robbers in one of his palaces in Yangzhou., Everyone complains that the Sui Dynasty ended because of the canal., The canal runs from Beijing to Yangzhou, covering a distance of nearly 1,800 kilometres.
Question: What is Daniel good at? Options: Math, English, Chinese, PE
Question: Students who live in university pay thousands more per year for  _  . Options: rooms, clothes, travelling, books
Question: What is the passage mainly about? Options: How to spend your free time., Some good habits at home., How to do your homework., Some don't do and do in schools.
Question: Why does it take both parents to raise a child? Options: A child feels safer with both parents., A child feels happier with both parents., Both parents need to consider that children have different needs at different ages., It is both the father's and the mother's duty to raise a child.
Question: Which of the following is true? Options: The death of Cao's mother influenced Cao a lot., Cao's sister lives in the poor countryside now., The Chinese Dream series will be written in English., An dislkes to be a reporter and interview people.
thanniversary of the Titanic., The moon's great influence on the Earth's tides., The moon's role in the sinking of the Titanic.
Question: Which of the following would lead to a waste of water? Options: Using low-flow shower heads., Collecting shower water while waiting for it to warm up., Taking a quick shower., Keeping the water running while brushing one's teeth.
Question: The rest of the money will be used to rebuild   _   in the disaster area. Options: schools, airports and shops, villages, factories and stations, orphanages, gyms and schools, villages, schools and orphanages
Question: If you can't reach the food, what will you do? Options: Reach across the table., Reach in front of another person., Ask somebody to pass it to you., Reach by yourself.
Question: Which of the following about icebergs is TRUE? Options: Icebergs move only when the tide frees them., An iceberg can stop for some time during its travel., An iceberg will move as soon as its melts., It takes an iceberg several months to leave its place.
Question: To learn things quickly, you should   _  . Options: have good study habits, study in the living room, study in the bedroom, study with a good desk
Question: Mr Jones was a   _  . Options: rich man, writer  `, worker, farmer
Question: John will  _   the medicine when it is left after Dec. 1st, 2003. Options: throw away, stop to take, take once, take six times more
Question: Which color is NOT mentioned  in the passage? Options: Orange, White, Green, Black
Question: What are the most popular online? Options: Candies and DVD players., Treasure products., Clothing and home-use products., Clothes and books.
Question: What's the passage mainly about? Options: The history of curling., How to make a curling stone., The rules of curling., How to become a curling stone maker.Medical question: 2, 3-BPG binds to sites of haemoglobin and the affinity for oxygen Options: 4, decreases, 1, decreases, 4, increases, 1, increases
Medical question: 27.	The lateral spread of dental caries is facilitated mostly  by the Options: Enamel spindles, Dentinoenamel junction, Enamel lamellae, Striae of Retzius
Medical question: In a	6-month-old child, thick curd like white	patch
Medical question: A patient diagnosed with carcinoma of lung presented with a serum calcium level of 16.4 mmol/L. What will be the first step in management? Options: IV fluids and furosemide, Immediate hemodialysis, Bisphosphonates, Chemotherapy with gemcitabine and carboplatin
Medical question: Which one of the following is a muscle splitting incision? Options: Kocher's incision, Rutherford-Morrison incision, Pfannenstiel incision, Lanz incision
Medical question: Iron is present in all, EXCEPT Options: Myoglobin, Cytochrome, Catalase, Pyruvate kinase
Medical question: What is the basis of behavior shaping: Options: Stimulus response theory, Social learning principle., Hierarchy of needs, None of the above.
Medical question: Most common presentation of abdominal desmoids tumor is? Options: Abdominal pain, Abdominal mass, Fever, Urinary retention
Medical question: All of these are continuous variables except: Options: Height in cms, Weight in kg, Blood groups A. B. ABO, Age in years and months
Medical question: This direction of force can cause: Options: Reduce overbite, Worsen open bite, Both, None
Medical question: In a patient with competent lips together at rest, the lip
Medical question: Anti monsoon curve seen in : Options: Premolar, Molar, Anterior, All of the above.
Medical question: Which pa of brachial plexus do not give branches Options: Root, Division, Cord, Trunk
Medical question: Which of the following are not a branch of external carotid Aery in Kiesselbach's plexus. Options: Sphenopalatine aery, Anterior ethmoidal aery, Greater palatine aery, Septal branch of superior labial aery
Medical question: Absorption of which of the following drugs is increased after a fatty meal? Options: Amphotericin B, Griseofulvin, Ampicillin, Aspirin
Medical question: What is common in class I cavity preparation for amalgam and gold inlay? Options: Buccolingually divergent walls, Mesiodistally divergent walls, Maximum depth is needed in both cases to provide sufficient thickness, All of the above
Medical question: The most common bone tumor that occurs in children is: Options: Osteosarcoma, Ewing's sarcoma, Metastatic carcinoma, Multiple myeloma
Medical question: Due to which of the following enzyme deficiency, vitamin C cannot be synthesised in humans? Options: L-Glucuronic acid oxidase, L-Gulonic acid reductase, L-Gulonolactone oxidase, L-Gulonolactone reductase
Medical question: Which of the following is a component of Pentalogy of Fallot – Options: Atrial septal Defect (ASD), Patent Ductus Arteriosus (PDA), Coarctation of Aorta (COA), Left Ventricular Hypertrophy (LVH)
Medical question: Which of the following exists as yeast at 37deg and hyphae at 25deg? Options: Histoplasma capsulatum, Sporothrix globosa, Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans
Medical question: For which of the following is PPV-23 is most beneficial: Options: Cystic fibrosis patient, Sickle cell anemia patient, Patient with recurrent rhinitis and sinusitis, Child less than 2 years
Medical question: Which of the following is used as, surface hardener in Impression material? Options: 2% potassium sulfate, 0.2% potassium sulfate, 2% sodium sulfate, 4% potassium sulfate
Medical question: Calcium ions triggers muscle contraction by binding to: Options: Actin, Myosin, Troponin, Tropomyosin
Medical question: Endocrine glands that are not influenced by the pituitary gland include the: Options: Thyroid gland, testes, and adrenal medulla, Adrenal medulla, parathyroids, and the islets of langerhans, Adrenal cortex, parathyroids and ovaries, Pancreas, adrenal medulla and thyroid gland
Medical question: A patient presented with flat topped violaceous papules, thinning of nails and onycholysis. What is the microscopic finding observed in this patient? Options: Prominent necrotic cell, Suprabasal split, Basal cell degeneration, Acantholysis
Medical question: A patient from,nqh-eastern states was diagnosed to have infection with P. falciparum malaria. What is the most appropriate drug for this patient? Options: Aemether plus lumefantrine, Sulfadoxine plus pyrimethamine, Chloroquine, Mefloquine
Medical question: Which of the following structure is not present on floor of third ventricle? Options: Optic stalk, Third nerve, Infundibulum, Mammillary body
from	his	mother.	The	most	satisfactory	method	of
Medical question: The zygomatic bone does not articulate with: Options: Frontal bone, Maxillary bone, Nasal bone, Temporal bone
Medical question: Percentage of carbon in carbon steel hand instruments is Options: 1-1.2%, 10-12%, 0.6 to 0.8%, 6 to 8%
Medical question: Name the structure marked with arrow Options: Mitochondria, Golgi bodies, Secretory vesicles, Rough Endoplasmic reticulum
Medical question: Alginate at 20 degrees, the gel is formed in Options: 3-4 mins., 6-8 mins., 15-16 mins., 1-2 min.
Medical question: The following test may be abnormal in disseminated intravascular coagulation except: Options: Prothrombin, Activated partial thromboplastin time, D-timer levels, Clot solubility.
Medical question: A patient who was on ventilator and being ventilated for past few days, suddenly pulls out the endotracheal tube. What is the next step of management? Options: Assess the patient, give bag and mask ventilation and look for spontaneous breathing, Sta bag and mask ventilation and reintubate, Sedate and reintubate, Make him sit and do physiotherapy
Medical question: Which of the following lipoproteins does not move towards charged end in electrophoresis? Options: VLDL, LDL, HDL, Chylomicrons
tooth in which calcium hydroxide pulpotomy has been
Medical question: In a couple for treatment of infeility from the last four years, female paner is normal. Male paner has 0.8 ml semen volume per ejaculate on two repeated samples and absent fructose, with no sperms on examination under microscope. What is the next line of management? Options: Per-rectal examination to check ejaculatory duct obstruction, Give antioxidants, Testicular biopsy, Transrectal ultrasound to detect duct obstruction
Medical question: Which of the following type of failure may occur, if the coefficient of thermal expansion of ceramic is much lower than that of metal? Options: Cohesive failure of ceramic, Adhesive failure of metal ceramic bond, Cohesive failure of metal, Cohesive failure of metal ceramic bond
Medical question: Tonsils developed from: Options: Ventral part of 3rd pouch., Ventral part of 2nd pouch., Dorsal part of 2nd pouch., Ventral part of 3rd pouch.
appears on the buccal mucosa. On rubbing it leaves an
Medical question: A patient presents with carcinoma of the larynx involving the left false cords, left arytenoid and the left aryepiglottic folds with bilateral mobile true cords. Treatment of choice is - Options: Vertical hemilaryngectomy, Horizontal partial hemilaryngectomy, Total laryngectomy, Radiotherapy followed by chemotherapy
Medical question: Reflex which never disappear: Options: Walking and stepping reflex, Limb placement reflex, Parachute reflex, All of the above
Medical question: Which of the following statements is true regarding medical aboion? Options: Ultrasound should be done in all cases, If the patient has an IUCD in-situ, it doesn't need to be removed, Can only be done up to 72 days, Only a person ceified under MTP act can perform medical termination of pregnancy
Medical question: All of the following are true regarding Class-II inlay gingival margins preparation except? Options: Removal of week enamel rods, Increased metal burnishability, Lap sliding fit of metal margin, Margins of restoration in self-cleansable area
Medical question: According to the intelligence quotient classification, a score of 90-110 is: Options: Low average., Average, Superior, Mentally retarded.
Medical question: A child born with multiple congenital defect including cleft palate, neural tube defect, atrial septal defect and microcephaly which of the following drug is used by mother during pregnancy: Options: Erythromycin, Isotretinoin, Ibuprofen, Metronidazole
Medical question: Base pairs in DNA Options: 1.5 billion, 46 billions, 3.2 billion, 100 billion
Medical question: In a study, two groups of newborns are checked for their weights based on whether their mothers received food supplements or not. The appropriate test which can be used for comparing the data is: Options: Chi square test, Paired T-test, Student's T-test, Fischer exact test
Medical question: Pre-maturity in edge to edge position is relieved by reducing: Options: Mandibular incisal edge., Maxillary lingual fossa., Both AB, Either AB
Medical question: Shortest root of maxillary 1st molar Options: Distobuccal, Mesiobuccal, Palatal, All are equal