Translate English to French: This is just for the United States of America. Historical average for Januarys is 31 degrees; last month was 39.5 degrees.
Translate English to French: Over time, people do what you pay them to do.
Translate English to French: I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me.
Translate English to French: So we can pass these around.
Translate English to French: And I think one of the things which is also remarkable about this technology, is that the technology transfer is so easy.
Translate English to French: So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
Translate English to French: And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, to keep it right on the cutting edge.
Translate English to French: Compared to the sugarcane charcoal, where we have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, this comes pre-briquetted.
Translate English to French: So we wanted to try to find a way to make a stronger briquette so that we could compete with wood charcoal in the markets in Haiti.
Translate English to French: It just sits in a pile near the sugar mill until eventually they burn it.
Translate English to French: The sign is wrong.
Translate English to French: But once you see it, like you guys in the front row -- All right, yeah, OK. So anyway --  Here it is. And this is, I think, a perfect example of what Robert Wright was talking about in those non-zero-sum things.
Translate English to French: Be a green consumer. You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis.
Translate English to French: And he's looked at the problem of the health impacts of burning wood versus charcoal.
Translate English to French: It's not that people are ignorant to the environmental damage.
Translate English to French: Carbon Capture and Sequestration -- that's what CCS stands for -- is likely to become the killer app that will enable us to continue to use fossil fuels in a way that is safe.
Translate English to French: So this is a picture of rural Haiti.
Translate English to French: But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America.
Translate English to French: But this is one of the incredibly rare situations where you also have economic benefits.
Translate English to French: And I say that sincerely, partly because  Put yourselves in my position.
Translate English to French: We were on I-40. We got to Exit 238, Lebanon, Tennessee.
Translate English to French: They're fully functional, field-tested, ready to roll out.
Translate English to French: Cars and trucks -- I talked about that in the slideshow, but I want you to put it in perspective.
Translate English to French: So you could imagine they were very excited about it.
Translate English to French: A lot more to be said about that.
Translate English to French: And conveniently, one of my students was from Ghana, and he remembered a dish his mom used to make for him called "kokonte," which is a very sticky porridge made out of the cassava root. And so what we did was we looked, and we found that cassava is indeed grown in Haiti, under the name of "manioc."
Translate English to French: Invest sustainably. Majora mentioned this. Listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management.
Translate English to French: Driving ourselves.
Translate English to French: And he's found that worldwide, you could prevent a million deaths switching from wood to charcoal as a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: That's an awful lot for a country like Haiti -- with a population of eight million and an average income of less than 400 dollars.
Translate English to French: We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over Tipper.  She took our order, and then went to the couple in the booth next to us, and she lowered her voice so much, I had to really strain to hear what she was saying.
Translate English to French: I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me.
Translate English to French: And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you: Tipper and I were driving ourselves, Shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed.
Translate English to French: It means reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced.
Translate English to French: And you can see that it's a lot cleaner burning of a cooking fuel.
Translate English to French: It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads.
Translate English to French: Now, I know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment -- I'm kidding. But these are the recapitulation slides, and then I'm going to go into new material about what you can do.
Translate English to French: Now one of the reasons why there are so few trees is this: people need to cook, and they harvest wood and they make charcoal in order to do it.
Translate English to French: First of all, this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit.
Translate English to French: And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!"
Translate English to French: In Haiti alone, about 30 million trees are cut down every year.
Translate English to French: It doesn't mean that if you're a Republican, that I'm trying to convince you to be a Democrat.
Translate English to French: And what we could use as a binder was actually small amounts of cow manure, which they used ordinarily for their fuel.
Translate English to French: I fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling.
Translate English to French: Haiti is now 98 percent deforested.
Translate English to French: We have to buy a lot of those ads.
Translate English to French: Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Translate English to French: Once it becomes a closed system, with U.S. participation, then everybody who's on a board of directors -- how many people here serve on the board of directors of a corporation?
Translate English to French: I flew on Air Force Two for eight years.
Translate English to French: And in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did.