Medical question: 2, 3-BPG binds to sites of haemoglobin and the affinity for oxygen Options: 4, decreases, 1, decreases, 4, increases, 1, increases
Medical question: 27.	The lateral spread of dental caries is facilitated mostly  by the Options: Enamel spindles, Dentinoenamel junction, Enamel lamellae, Striae of Retzius
Medical question: In a	6-month-old child, thick curd like white	patch
Medical question: A patient diagnosed with carcinoma of lung presented with a serum calcium level of 16.4 mmol/L. What will be the first step in management? Options: IV fluids and furosemide, Immediate hemodialysis, Bisphosphonates, Chemotherapy with gemcitabine and carboplatin
Medical question: Which one of the following is a muscle splitting incision? Options: Kocher's incision, Rutherford-Morrison incision, Pfannenstiel incision, Lanz incision
Medical question: Iron is present in all, EXCEPT Options: Myoglobin, Cytochrome, Catalase, Pyruvate kinase
Medical question: What is the basis of behavior shaping: Options: Stimulus response theory, Social learning principle., Hierarchy of needs, None of the above.
Medical question: Most common presentation of abdominal desmoids tumor is? Options: Abdominal pain, Abdominal mass, Fever, Urinary retention
Medical question: All of these are continuous variables except: Options: Height in cms, Weight in kg, Blood groups A. B. ABO, Age in years and months
Medical question: This direction of force can cause: Options: Reduce overbite, Worsen open bite, Both, None
Medical question: In a patient with competent lips together at rest, the lip
Medical question: Anti monsoon curve seen in : Options: Premolar, Molar, Anterior, All of the above.
Medical question: Which pa of brachial plexus do not give branches Options: Root, Division, Cord, Trunk
Medical question: Which of the following are not a branch of external carotid Aery in Kiesselbach's plexus. Options: Sphenopalatine aery, Anterior ethmoidal aery, Greater palatine aery, Septal branch of superior labial aery
Medical question: Absorption of which of the following drugs is increased after a fatty meal? Options: Amphotericin B, Griseofulvin, Ampicillin, Aspirin
Medical question: What is common in class I cavity preparation for amalgam and gold inlay? Options: Buccolingually divergent walls, Mesiodistally divergent walls, Maximum depth is needed in both cases to provide sufficient thickness, All of the above
Medical question: The most common bone tumor that occurs in children is: Options: Osteosarcoma, Ewing's sarcoma, Metastatic carcinoma, Multiple myeloma
Medical question: Due to which of the following enzyme deficiency, vitamin C cannot be synthesised in humans? Options: L-Glucuronic acid oxidase, L-Gulonic acid reductase, L-Gulonolactone oxidase, L-Gulonolactone reductase
Medical question: Which of the following is a component of Pentalogy of Fallot – Options: Atrial septal Defect (ASD), Patent Ductus Arteriosus (PDA), Coarctation of Aorta (COA), Left Ventricular Hypertrophy (LVH)
Medical question: Which of the following exists as yeast at 37deg and hyphae at 25deg? Options: Histoplasma capsulatum, Sporothrix globosa, Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans
Medical question: For which of the following is PPV-23 is most beneficial: Options: Cystic fibrosis patient, Sickle cell anemia patient, Patient with recurrent rhinitis and sinusitis, Child less than 2 years
Medical question: Which of the following is used as, surface hardener in Impression material? Options: 2% potassium sulfate, 0.2% potassium sulfate, 2% sodium sulfate, 4% potassium sulfate
Medical question: Calcium ions triggers muscle contraction by binding to: Options: Actin, Myosin, Troponin, Tropomyosin
Medical question: Endocrine glands that are not influenced by the pituitary gland include the: Options: Thyroid gland, testes, and adrenal medulla, Adrenal medulla, parathyroids, and the islets of langerhans, Adrenal cortex, parathyroids and ovaries, Pancreas, adrenal medulla and thyroid gland
Medical question: A patient presented with flat topped violaceous papules, thinning of nails and onycholysis. What is the microscopic finding observed in this patient? Options: Prominent necrotic cell, Suprabasal split, Basal cell degeneration, Acantholysis
Medical question: A patient from,nqh-eastern states was diagnosed to have infection with P. falciparum malaria. What is the most appropriate drug for this patient? Options: Aemether plus lumefantrine, Sulfadoxine plus pyrimethamine, Chloroquine, Mefloquine
Medical question: Which of the following structure is not present on floor of third ventricle? Options: Optic stalk, Third nerve, Infundibulum, Mammillary body
from	his	mother.	The	most	satisfactory	method	of
Medical question: The zygomatic bone does not articulate with: Options: Frontal bone, Maxillary bone, Nasal bone, Temporal bone
Medical question: Percentage of carbon in carbon steel hand instruments is Options: 1-1.2%, 10-12%, 0.6 to 0.8%, 6 to 8%
Medical question: Name the structure marked with arrow Options: Mitochondria, Golgi bodies, Secretory vesicles, Rough Endoplasmic reticulum
Medical question: Alginate at 20 degrees, the gel is formed in Options: 3-4 mins., 6-8 mins., 15-16 mins., 1-2 min.
Medical question: The following test may be abnormal in disseminated intravascular coagulation except: Options: Prothrombin, Activated partial thromboplastin time, D-timer levels, Clot solubility.
Medical question: A patient who was on ventilator and being ventilated for past few days, suddenly pulls out the endotracheal tube. What is the next step of management? Options: Assess the patient, give bag and mask ventilation and look for spontaneous breathing, Sta bag and mask ventilation and reintubate, Sedate and reintubate, Make him sit and do physiotherapy
Medical question: Which of the following lipoproteins does not move towards charged end in electrophoresis? Options: VLDL, LDL, HDL, Chylomicrons
tooth in which calcium hydroxide pulpotomy has been
Medical question: In a couple for treatment of infeility from the last four years, female paner is normal. Male paner has 0.8 ml semen volume per ejaculate on two repeated samples and absent fructose, with no sperms on examination under microscope. What is the next line of management? Options: Per-rectal examination to check ejaculatory duct obstruction, Give antioxidants, Testicular biopsy, Transrectal ultrasound to detect duct obstruction
Medical question: Which of the following type of failure may occur, if the coefficient of thermal expansion of ceramic is much lower than that of metal? Options: Cohesive failure of ceramic, Adhesive failure of metal ceramic bond, Cohesive failure of metal, Cohesive failure of metal ceramic bond
Medical question: Tonsils developed from: Options: Ventral part of 3rd pouch., Ventral part of 2nd pouch., Dorsal part of 2nd pouch., Ventral part of 3rd pouch.
appears on the buccal mucosa. On rubbing it leaves an
Medical question: A patient presents with carcinoma of the larynx involving the left false cords, left arytenoid and the left aryepiglottic folds with bilateral mobile true cords. Treatment of choice is - Options: Vertical hemilaryngectomy, Horizontal partial hemilaryngectomy, Total laryngectomy, Radiotherapy followed by chemotherapy
Medical question: Reflex which never disappear: Options: Walking and stepping reflex, Limb placement reflex, Parachute reflex, All of the above
Medical question: Which of the following statements is true regarding medical aboion? Options: Ultrasound should be done in all cases, If the patient has an IUCD in-situ, it doesn't need to be removed, Can only be done up to 72 days, Only a person ceified under MTP act can perform medical termination of pregnancy
Medical question: All of the following are true regarding Class-II inlay gingival margins preparation except? Options: Removal of week enamel rods, Increased metal burnishability, Lap sliding fit of metal margin, Margins of restoration in self-cleansable area
Medical question: According to the intelligence quotient classification, a score of 90-110 is: Options: Low average., Average, Superior, Mentally retarded.
Medical question: A child born with multiple congenital defect including cleft palate, neural tube defect, atrial septal defect and microcephaly which of the following drug is used by mother during pregnancy: Options: Erythromycin, Isotretinoin, Ibuprofen, Metronidazole
Medical question: Base pairs in DNA Options: 1.5 billion, 46 billions, 3.2 billion, 100 billion
Medical question: In a study, two groups of newborns are checked for their weights based on whether their mothers received food supplements or not. The appropriate test which can be used for comparing the data is: Options: Chi square test, Paired T-test, Student's T-test, Fischer exact test
Medical question: Pre-maturity in edge to edge position is relieved by reducing: Options: Mandibular incisal edge., Maxillary lingual fossa., Both AB, Either AB
Medical question: Shortest root of maxillary 1st molar Options: Distobuccal, Mesiobuccal, Palatal, All are equal