a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
cool ?
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
a sometimes tedious film .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
holden caulfield did it better .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
not exactly the bees knees
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
bad .
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .