Question: How many people lost their lives in this accident? Options: Over 2,000 people., About 100 people., More than 1,500 people., We don't know.
Question: Which of the following about icebergs is TRUE? Options: Icebergs move only when the tide frees them., An iceberg can stop for some time during its travel., An iceberg will move as soon as its melts., It takes an iceberg several months to leave its place.
Question: . What is the article mainly about? Options: The main cause of the Titanic's sinking., The 100
thanniversary of the Titanic., The moon's great influence on the Earth's tides., The moon's role in the sinking of the Titanic.
Question: From the passage,we know that  _  . Options: Billy can't hear, Billy can't see, Billy can't walk, Billy can't talk
Question: How did Billy's mother help him? Options: By teaching him how to draw., By asking teachers for advice., By describing everything to him., By sending him to his dream school.
Question: When did Billy begin teaching himself computer programming? Options: When he was 7 years old., When he was in Grade 5., When he was in high school., When he was at university.
Question: The writer begins with the four questions in order to  _  . Options: make a survey, interest readers, tell a story, solve math problems
Question: What do we learn from the difference in finger counting between the US and China? Options: People from China count much faster than people from the US., People from China need two hands to count from one to ten., People of different cultures may use different ways of finger counting., People of different cultures use the same way of finger counting.
Question: Which of the following is true about aboriginal Australians? Options: They have only a few words for numbers., They have hand movements to stand for numbers., They can only count to five on their fingers., They can understand different ideas about numbers.
Question: The study of the Piraha tribe shows that  _  . Options: people all over the world know how to count, people of the tribe have words for numbers, some groups of people are not smart enough to count, counting is not useful in the culture of the tribe
Question: What is the main idea of the passage? Options: People from different cultures have different ideas about numbers and math., Chinese people can count more easily on their fingers than Americans., In some aboriginal cultures,people don't even know how to count., Some languages don't have number words because people don't need numbers.
Question: This passage is about  _  . Options: new words in writing, different dictionaries, the best way of reading, using an English-Chinese dictionary
Question: In the dictionary you may not find  _  . Options: how to pronounce the word, the spelling of the word, who used the word first, how to use the word
Question: In an English-Chinese dictionary, the last word  _  . Options: begins with Z, begins with A, is a short one, is not often used
Question: Which group of words is in the right order in an English-Chinese dictionary? Options: perhaps, produce, plenty, straight, subject, surprise, century, center, business, foreign, entrance, headache
Question: In the passage the writer tries to tell us that  _  . Options: we have to use a dictionary when we read something in English, an English-Chinese dictionary can tell us everything about a word, an English-Chinese dictionary can help us a lot in our English study, all English-Chinese dictionary are the same
Question: Which of the following is true? Options: The death of Cao's mother influenced Cao a lot., Cao's sister lives in the poor countryside now., The Chinese Dream series will be written in English., An dislkes to be a reporter and interview people.
Question: An's book will be  written in  languages. Options: one, two, three, four
Question: In which column  can An Dun's The Chinese Dream be found? Options: Business., Arts., Society., Movies.
Question: Mr Jones was a   _  . Options: rich man, writer  `, worker, farmer
Question: Mr Jones wanted to have  _   room to live in. Options: a beautiful, a dear, the cheapest, a larger
Question: The boss told Mr Jones that they had  _   room. Options: no the cheapest, the cheapest, no the dearest, no small
Question: Mr Jones' son often stays at   _  room. Options: the smallest, a cheap, a small, the dearest
Question: Mr Jones was born   in a   _  family. Options: rich, big, poor, a farmer's
Question: According to the chart, the pop star was good at   _  . Options: singing, dancing, making faces, playing the piano
Question: The pop star felt   _   after the performance. Options: tired, excited, sad, both A and B
Question: The band did   _   in the rehearsal   in the night's show. Options: better in the show than, worse in the show than, in the show as bad as, not tell us how the band did
Question: This passage mainly tells us that   _  . Options: pop stars are not rich in fact, young people had better not be pop stars, there are many young people wanting to be pop stars, pop stars don't have an easy life as they seem to have
Question: All the three teenagers went abroad  _  . Options: to study English, to visit friends, to have a holiday, to find a job
Question: Who didn't really enjoy the stay in a foreign country very much? Options: Mariko., Carla., Alvin., None of them.
Question: Travelers Corner is most probably  _  . Options: a sports club newsletter, a science documentary, a travel magazine, a news website
Question: Schools in the UK usually start at   _  . Options: 8.45 a.m., 9 a.m., 3.30 p.m., 8.30 a.m.
Question: After lunch, the students can   _  . Options: listen to music, write e-mails, play ball games, A, B and C
Question: Which one isn't right? Options: School is over at 3.30 p.m. in the UK., Peter is good at all his lessons., Peter has no time to go to clubs every day., Peter has a wonderful time at school.
Question: What are the common roles of moms and dads in all cultures? Options: Moms take care of their children and dads bring home food and make the family rules., Moms bring home food by having fulltime jobs and dads take care of their children at home., Both parents take care of their children at home., Both parents go out to work,while grandparents take care of their children at home.
Question: What are the young dads trying to do in the show? Options: They are trying hard to find the best way to raise their children and keep a closer relationship with them., They are trying to complete a set of tasks with their kids. They are also trying hard to find the best way to raise their children and keep a closer relationship with them., They are trying to make more money., They are trying to be cold to their kids.
Question: What is a child more possible to do without a dad? Options: Stay out late., Get into trouble and do badly in school work., Drop out of school, Drop out of school and get into trouble.
Question: Why does it take both parents to raise a child? Options: A child feels safer with both parents., A child feels happier with both parents., Both parents need to consider that children have different needs at different ages., It is both the father's and the mother's duty to raise a child.
Question: The man teaches the bird   _  . Options: how to say something, how to sing songs, how to eat something, how to dance
Question: The bird is   _  . Options: very nice, very clever, very beautiful, very silly
Question: The man speaks to the bird   _  . Options: sometimes, once a week, every week, every day
Question: The thief feels   _   when he hears the bird's words. Options: sad, afraid, happy, excited
Question: At last, the thief takes   _   things from the house. Options: no, many, a lot of, some
Question: The mother camel can see things   _ Options: only with the left eye, only with the right eye, with both of her eyes, with neither of her eyes
Question: The young camel sees the oasis   _  . Options: just on the left, just on the right, neither on the left nor on the right, not only on the left but also on the fight
Question: The son does not know what water and grass look like   _  . Options: when they meet the water and grass for the first time, when he finds the second oasis, before he meets the first oasis, after they meet the water and grass for the second time.
Question: The mother camel does not believe her son because   _  . Options: the son is a foolish child, the son is too young to know what water and grass look like, she thinks she knows more than her son and can't be wrong, she doesn't like her son .
Question: How much will a college student spend in total every year? Options: $10,000 per year, $15,000 per year, $30, 000 per year, $500 per year
Question: Students who live in university pay thousands more per year for  _  . Options: rooms, clothes, travelling, books
Question: Expenses that do not change include   _  . Options: tuition, clothes, phone, food
Question: What can we infer from the passage? Options: College students needn't worry about money., It's important to follow the advisors' advice., Students can spend more than their income., Borrowing money from others is very easy.
Question: What is the passage mainly about? Options: The cost of a college education, How to pay for a college education, How to borrow money from family, Spending money wisely at college
Question: Why couldn't the young student go to sleep? Options: She was worried about her lessons., She always couldn't finish her homework., She worked too hard and became ill., Her bed was too small.
Question: What did the doctor ask the young student to do? Options: To eat more yin foods and count numbers when she was lying in bed in the evening., To exercise more in the morning., To do more reading., To take some medicine.
Question: What did the young student do after she felt sleepy? Options: She fell asleep., She got up to have some coffee., She listened to some music., She got up to do some homework.
Question: What made the girl unable  be asleep during the night after she went to see the doctor? Options: The doctor's advice, The student's lesson., The student's illness, The coffee.
Question: The party was held   _  . Options: at Peter's house, in a large hall, at Peter's friend's house, in a secret place
Question: Which of the following is NOT TRUE? Options: Betty made the best cake., Mary Jackson sang well., Bill played the violin well., The Jacksons did hard work for the party.
Question: _  liked Peter. Options: Many of his friends, Few people, Everyone, All his friends
Question: Peter  _  to give the party. Options: tried his best, did nothing, only invited some friends, did everything
Question: From the story, we can see Peter was  _  . Options: a warm -hearted man, good at making friends, a selfish man, a welcomed friend
Question: Some students help their parents on the farm because  _  . Options: they think they are old enough, they think their parents are too busy, they don't have too much homework, it is fun
Question: How often do most students wash their clothes?  _ Options: Once a week., Twice a week., Three to four times a week., never
Question: From the passage we know that  _  . Options: Liu Ying is not a healthy student, Liu Ying is good at housework, Liu Ying doesn't want to do housework., Liu Ying has to do much housework.
Question: Which of the following is NOT true?  _ Options: Most students don't do the housework., Liu Ying is a student from Class 6, Grade 8., Liu Ying cooks three times a day sometimes., Liu Ying washes the dishes and cleans the floor every day.
Question: If we wait very late in the evening, our work will   _ Options: look very easy, go to so much trouble, become a bit hard, seem much harder
Question: Some students in schools won't enjoy their free time so much because they   _  . Options: never finish their homework in time, want to keep up with what is happening in the school, have to do their homework each night, will have too much catching up to do
Question: What is the passage mainly about? Options: How to spend your free time., Some good habits at home., How to do your homework., Some don't do and do in schools.
Question: The passage is probably from   _  . Options: a newspaper, an advertisement, an instruction   book, a storybook
Question: Which countries were hit by a tsunami  ? Options: Indonesia, China., Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Thailand., Thailand, Japan and Maldives., Sri Lanka, Australia.
Question: How many RCSC's rescue teams have arrived in the tsunami-hit countries? Options: One., Two., Three., Four.
Question: The rest of the money will be used to rebuild   _   in the disaster area. Options: schools, airports and shops, villages, factories and stations, orphanages, gyms and schools, villages, schools and orphanages
Question: Anna goes shopping with her   _  . Options: mother, father, friends, sister
Question: Anna wants a new   _  . Options: shirt, skirt, coat, dress
Question: The yellow coat is too   _   for Anna in Snoopy Shop. Options: long, big, short, small
Question: _   is Anna's favorite color. Options: Yellow, Blue, Red, Green
Question: Anna's new coat is   _  yuan. Options: 40, 45, 50, 55
Question: Taobao is  _  . Options: a shopping mall, an online shopping site, an online shopper, China's largest website
Question: What are the most popular online? Options: Candies and DVD players., Treasure products., Clothing and home-use products., Clothes and books.
Question: What does the writer think of shopping online? Options: It's safe, It's dangerous, It's scary, We don't know
Question: Which is the best title of the passage? Options: Wang Lin's life, Looking for treasure, Shopping online is not safe, Online shopping in China
Question: How is Simon's school? Options: It is big and bright., It is modern but small., It is big and beautiful., It is modern and beautiful.
Question: What is Daniel good at? Options: Math, English, Chinese, PE
Question: Where do Daniel and Simon often chat at lunchtime? Options: In the classroom., On the playground., In the dining hall., Under the tree.
Question: When does Simon's school start? Options: At 8:00., At 8:10., At 8:20., At 8:25.
Question: Which is TRUE about Simon's school? Options: Simon's school is over at 4:00 p.m., In Simon's school, students do morning exercises first., Some students go home for lunch in Simon's school., Peter is Simon's Math teacher.
Question: The young archer wanted to kill the old man because  _  . Options: he had nothing more to learn from him, he could then become the greatest archer, the old man refused to teach him everything, the king's old servant ordered him to do so
Question: What do you think would most probably happen next? Options: The young archer died from the wound soon after., The king declared the young man the greatest archer., The young archer found the old man's master and killed him., The young archer set off to look for the old man's master.
Question: What lesson can you learn from the story? Options: There's always someone better than you in this world., You must never try to become better than your teacher., The older a man is,the better archer he usually becomes., Always use a piece of wood to protect yourself from an arrow.
Question: What is the e-schoolbag used for ? It can't help students   _  . Options: take notes, send e-mails, lighten  the schoolbag, read the text in the paper book
Question: What's the e-school like? Options: It's bigger than a usual book., It's just as big as a usual book., It's as big as a stamp., It's not as small as a usual book.
Question: How can e-schoolbags have all the things for study? Options: They are made into stamps, They are made into chips., They are called e-textbooks, They put the books into e-schoolbags.
Question: Which statement is NOT true according to the passage? Options: That e-schoolbags may be easily broken, It may not be good to student's eyes., They have been into use in school in China., The e-schoolbag will solve the problem of the heavy schoolbags.
Question: The first lesson is   _  . Options: music, art, football, basketball
Question: The boys' basketball coach   is   _  . Options: the boy himself, a policeman, a famous basketball player, a common   teacher
Question: The film is  _   . Options: Jurassic Park, Harry Potter, Mickey Mouse, Who Moved My Cheese
Question: What DOESN'T the writer do in his dream school day? Options: Have lunch., Speak English., Swim., Play computer games.
Question: Fu Xiaoyu's parents can't send her to a school near them because  _  . Options: she doesn't like the school life in big cities, she has to do housework at home, they don't love their daughter at all, they don't have enough money
Question: Of the 156 children, about  _  of them have to live on their own. Options: 7, 20, 30, 40
Question: For the children like Fu Yuan, studying isn't the main thing because  _  . Options: they have to go out and make money, they like playing games better than studying, they needn't go to a good college, they have lots of things to do at home
Question: Which of the following is NOT true? Options: Fu Xiaoyu began to live with her grandmother three years ago., 29 kids are interviewed in a village in Sichuan Province., It takes some children two hours to get to school., Most of the kids interviewed live with their grandparents.
Question: How many people are there in most families in modern China ? Options: Three, Five, Six, Seven
Question: As Chinese teenagers , what' s our duty in the future ? Options: To look after brother and sisters ., To help parents do the housework ., To carry china into the beautiful future ., To save more money .
Question: As the only child in the family , we share the best things with   _   . Options: our cousins, our brothers and sisters, anyone, nobody
Question: What' s the main reason that someone thinks we are spoiled ? Options: That we don' t know how to love ., That we don' t know how to use money ., That we only share games with our friends ., That we don' t know hard our parents work .
Question: The passage mainly tells us   _   . Options: we should help our parents, we should learn to love each other, we should have brothers and sisters, we should be kind to our classmates
Question: If you want to get a good sleep, you'd better   _  . Options: go to bed after you're tired, go to sleep at midnight, follow the bedtime routine, eat something or read in bed
Question: To prevent from catching a cold or flu, it's good for you   _  . Options: to clean your fingers often, to brush your teeth twice daily, to get up early every morning, to wash all parts of your hands
Question: You should visit the dentist at least once a year, because   _  . Options: the oral examination is necessary, you don't often brush your teeth, some diseases may be in the mirror, you don't have a good night's sleep
Question: Studies have shown that many diseases have something to do with   _  . Options: having no oral examination, washing hands with cold water, sleeping too late sometimes, doing little physical activity
Question: When you want to learn more about the flu, you can   _  . Options: visit www. mydr. com. Au, call HealthLine at 1800 848 1313, visit the dentist in your place, call HealthLine at 1800 438 2000
Question: People in England often talk about the weather   _  . Options: because they may have four seasons in one day, because they often have very good weather, because the weather is warm just like in spring, because the sky is sunny all day
Question: "People can also have summer in winter." Means "it is sometimes too   _  in winter." Options: warm, cool, cold, rainy
Question: The best title  for this passage is   _  . Options: Bad Seasons, Summer or Winter, The Weather in England, Strange English People
Question: Why are Ben and Judy at the beach? Options: To go swimming., To learn about sea animals., To have a beach party., To clean up the beach.
Question: What does Judy mean by saying Paul  _  ? Options: He enjoys eating., He is good at singing., He talks a lot but does little., He kisses people to show his thanks.
Question: Which of the following is TRUE according to the dialogue? Options: Paul comes to the beach in the end., Judy feels bad about going to the beach., Ben is surprised to see Judy at the beach., Tony and Sophie will not come to the beach.
Question: How many books has Dou Kou already finished writing? Options: 3., 6., 9., 12
Question: Dou Kou began to use a dictionary  _  , Options: when he wrote fairy tales, before his father taught him to study, after he went to school, when he kept a diary
Question: Which of the following is Not true? Options: Change Stomachs for Micewas Dou Kou' s first fairy tale, Dou Kou likes writing and reading as well., Dou Kou's novels make him different from other children of his age., Dou Kou's parents don't allow Dou Kou to write at his early age.
Question: Which is the best title   of this passage? Options: Three books by a child, How to write fairy tales, Dou Kou, the youngest writer, How to be a writer
Question: You will feel  _  when a supper song enters your ear. Options: lively, interested, calm, excited
Question: Which is the best title of the poem? Options: Enjoy your school, Sing and dance, Play music after school, Enjoy music
Question: What is the problem in Sun's village? Options: They don't have enough food., They don't have enough water., They have to walk far away to go to school., There are fewer and fewer villagers.
Question: Which of the following would lead to a waste of water? Options: Using low-flow shower heads., Collecting shower water while waiting for it to warm up., Taking a quick shower., Keeping the water running while brushing one's teeth.
Question: Most people like to keep   _   animals at home. Options: small, white, big, black
Question: People give their pets   _   and   _  . Options: nice names; nice books, pet shops; nice books, nice names; nice food, pet shops; nice food
Question: Pets often   _   with people in the morning. Options: take a shower, play soccer, take a walk, listen to music
Question: The writer thinks   _  . Options: pets are dirty, pets are very important, people don't like animals, people don't need pets at home
Question: Lucy Li qualified for a US Women's Open Golf Tournament  _  . Options: in May 2014, in June 2014, this week, last May
Question: Lucy Li said she played in the US Women's Open  _  . Options: for good results, to have fun, to make friends with great players, to make money
Question: According to Lucy Li, golf  _  . Options: is easy to learn, is suitable   for anyone, takes lots of time, is a usual sport
Question: We can infer   from the report that  _  . Options: Stacy doesn't feel surprised that the 11-year-old player can play in the US Open, Stacy thinks Lucy Li can have a bright future, Stacy doesn't support Lucy Li to play in the US Open, Stacy wants to play with Lucy Li in the US Open
Question: Which of the following sentences is TRUE about Lucy Li? Options: She likes many subjects., She loves no sport but golf., She cares much about winning or losing., She is sure she can win.
Question: John should take  _  a day. Options: 2 teaspoonfuls, 3 teaspoonfuls, 4 teaspoonfuls, 1 teaspoonful
Question: The medicine should be kept in  _  . Options: a fridge, hot water, any place, the sun
Question: John should before he takes it. Options: shake the medicine well, eat nothing, do some exercise, drink a cup of tea
Question: When people are  _   years old, they cannot take this medicine. Options: eighty, thirty, two, twelve
Question: John will  _   the medicine when it is left after Dec. 1st, 2003. Options: throw away, stop to take, take once, take six times more
Question: What did the writer first do when he saw the alien? Options: He was too scared to move., He knew it was a dream and wasn't afraid., He was so scared that he fainted., He thought against the alien.
Question: The writer found that it was just a dream   _  . Options: as soon as he woke up, before he went downstairs, when he saw his mother, when he was hurt by the alien
Question: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage? Options: The writer had the dream at night., The writer's mother's work clothes might not be pink., The writer's mother was worried about his dream., When the writer had the dream, his family were sleeping.
Question: Why did the writer use to have dreams about aliens? Options: He had some kind of relationship with aliens., He was terribly ill., He often did something about aliens before going to bed., The dreams were all about the writer's real experiences.
Question: Where would you find this reading passage? Options: In a novel, In a storybook., In a newspaper., In a women's magazine  .
Question: What is the main idea of the passage? Options: Bright colors are popular now., White is the new color for shoes and bags., Summer fashion is always happy., New clothes are very expensive to buy.
Question: On what kind of clothes will you see flower designs? Options: Shorts, Pants, Skirts, Dresses
Question: Which color is NOT mentioned  in the passage? Options: Orange, White, Green, Black
Question: Which of the following food is high in fat? Options: Carrots., Cabbages, Hamburgers, Potatoes
Question: Why should people NOT have too many sports drinks? Options: Because there is too much sugar in them., Because they are sweet and give us energy., Because people get thin after drinking them., Because people feel cool after drinking them.
Question: According to the passage, the following lifestyle is good for our health EXCEPT     _  . Options: eating different food, sleeping for more than twelve hours, drinking more water, doing sports every day
Question: What's the passage mainly about? Options: How to keep beautiful., What we should drink., What we should eat., How to keep fit.
Question: How long is the first term in Thailand schools? Options: For six months., For five months., For four months., For three moths.
Question: When do students usually get to school? Options: At 7:00 a.m., At 7:30 a.m., At 8:00 a.m., At 8:30 a.m.
Question: Why do students have to eat lunch in the classroom? Options: Because their dining halls are very small., Because they must do their homework after lunch., Because they don't have dining halls., Because they bring lunch to school.
Question: What can we learn from the passage? Options: There are three terms in Thailand schools., Students don't go to school in November., Students usually go home at 3:15 p.m., Students have six classes a day.
Question: During his life, how long did Emperor Yang stay in Yangzhou in total? Options: One and a half years., Two years and a half., Two years and eight months., Three years and two months.
Question: Which of the following is true? Options: Emperor Yang of the Sui Dynasty is considered one of the best tyrants., Emperor Yang was killed by the robbers in one of his palaces in Yangzhou., Everyone complains that the Sui Dynasty ended because of the canal., The canal runs from Beijing to Yangzhou, covering a distance of nearly 1,800 kilometres.
Question: The best title should be "  _  ". Options: Emperor Yang Guang and the Grand Canal, The tomb found in Xihu township of Yangzhou, The life of Emperor Yang of the Sui Dynasty, The construction of the Grand Canal
Question: This passage mainly tells us that  _ Options: there are stamp collectors of all types, stamp collecting can be a fun and pleasing hobby, selling stamps to collectors is actually a main way these countries make money, Some collectors are quite serious and collect stamps for money
Question: Which of the following is NT true according to the passage? Options: Hobbies and collections are a great way to have fun., Some countries print stamps mostly for collectors., You can collect stamps from your everyday mails., Most of the countries didn't want to print their names on stamps.
Question: If you have little money,  you can collect stamps  _  . Options: by your own letters, by the post office, by the collectors, by your friends
Question: Why didn't England print its name on stamps? Options: Because he forgot to print it., Because he wanted to tell us who invented them., Because he made a mistake., Because other countries did the same thing as well.
Question: The teacher asks the students to  _ Options: read the text, write about a match, do their homework, have a lesson
Question: The teacher is going to read the students' exercise books  _ Options: in class, at home, at school, in classroom
Question: Five minutes later, he   _ Options: writes down many things, writes down "Rain, no match", writes a word, doesn't write down a word
Question: Tom is  _  to hand in the exercise book. Options: the third, the last, the first, the second
Question: Tom writes  _  about the match. Options: nothing, a lot, lots of things, Much
Question: Who put the stone in the center of the road? Options: An old man., A rich man., A young man., Another man.
Question: Why did the young man move the stone out of the road? Options: Because he was strong enough to move it., Because he knew there was a bag of money under it., Because he didn't want other people to fall and get hurt., Because the rich man wanted him to do so.
Question: When the young man moved the stone, he found   _  . Options: a bag, a message, a bag full of money and a message, a bag full of message
Question: All of the people coming along the road did nothing about the stone except   _  . Options: people of the town, the young man, the rich man, the old man with his cow
Question: What can we learn from the passage? Options: If we do well, we will have well., If we move stones, we will have a lot of money., The young man was lucky., Other people were unlucky.
Question: What is true about Kays? Options: It is a family business., It's a brand  of curling stones., It's a place in Scotland., It's the name of a curling stone dealer .
Question: How many curling stones are needed for two games happening at the same time? Options: 8, 16, 32, 96
Question: Which of the following statements is NOT RIGHT according to the passage? Options: Kays of Scotland has been curling stone maker for more than 150 years., The weight of each curling stone must be 44 pounds., We use a special machine to polish the curling stone., The workers in Kays are all experienced.
Question: What's the passage mainly about? Options: The history of curling., How to make a curling stone., The rules of curling., How to become a curling stone maker.
Question: Sally is Bob's   _  . Options: sister, aunt, mom, grandma
Question: Where's Bob's dictionary? Options: On the bed., On the sofa., On the desk., On the dresser.
Question: The   _   is / are under the bed. Options: pen, notebook, keys, baseball
Question: Grandma tells   Sally to take   _   things to Bob. Options: three, four, five, six
Question: How many rules are there in the passage? Options: Two., Three., Four., Five
Question: What can you use to put food in your mouth? Options: Knife., Knife or fork., Knife and fork, fork
Question: If you can't reach the food, what will you do? Options: Reach across the table., Reach in front of another person., Ask somebody to pass it to you., Reach by yourself.
Question: Which hand holds the knife? Options: Right hand., Left hand., Either of your hands., Both of your hands.
Question: Which of the following is NOT true? Options: Place bones on the edge of your plate., Use your spoon only for soup., The napkin protects your clothes from food., You can put your own fork, knife and spoon into serving bowl.
Question: Bell's family live in  _  . Options: a big house, the north of England, the west of England, a small house
Question: Bell's grandfather doesn't like   _  . Options: birds or goldfish, birds or dogs, dogs or cats, goldfish or football
Question: In the text, there are   _  people in Bell's family. Options: three, four, five, six
Question: Bell wants to find a   _  . Options: sister, brother, football, penfriend
Question: Which is NOT the purpose of this music program? Options: To study the language of music ., To learn more about the music., To give a complete background to the music., To give people some music to listen to.
Question: The speaker is probably  _  . Options: a host, a singer, a dancer, a teacher
Question: To learn things quickly, you should   _  . Options: have good study habits, study in the living room, study in the bedroom, study with a good desk
Question: Living room is not a good place to study because  _  . Options: it is too small, it is too noisy, it is too big, it is very quiet
Question: You'll learn things quickly if the desk is   _ Options: high, low, clean, hard
Question: _   is important for students to study well. Options: A high desk, A noisy place, An expensive chair, Enough light
Question: The best title  of the passage is   _  . Options: How to learn well, Study in a quiet place, Study with a good desk, Good study habits.
Question: This ticket costs  _   dollars. Options: 10, 16, 30, 20
Question: According to the notice, you can take  _   into the theater. Options: cameras, mobile phones, bags, videos .
Question: If you arrive late,  _  . Options: you should hurry to your seat, you should ask for help, you have to wait until the interval, you have to change the date
Question: You can't do the following things EXCEPT  _  . Options: taking photos, entering with tickets, arriving late, Smoking
